README.md, before:

# Ng7Swapi

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.1.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

fit in tests that where breaking and in readme

README.md, after:

# Ng7Swapi

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.1.0.

## What this application contemplates

Partial unit tests - `ng test`
Not tests end-to-end - `ng e2e`
Partial urls swapi - `films - People - Planets`

## Future 

Cover 100% unit tests
Include tests end-to-end
Include the rest of the url swapi

## To run this app

Clone this project or download
Run `npm install`
Run `npm run star` -> Whill open directly in browser -> `http://localhost:4200/`

Build Production -> Run `npm run build --prod`

Other commands just below

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
